the problems statement is there are n stairs and a
person standing at the bottom wants to reach the top
at a time the person can climb either one
stair or two stairs
He can't climb more than two stairs at a time
We need to count the number of ways the person
can reach the top
For example if we have only one stair there is
only one way to reach the top so that output
will be one if we have to stair
there are two ways in which we can reach
the top
We can either climb one step two times or two
steps at ones so the total number of ways to
reach the end stair is two
And if the number of Stairs is three we can either
climb one step three times or climbed one step first
and then climbed two steps or climbed two steps first
and then climbed one step
So the total number of ways to reach the end stair is three.